Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/design-docs/eventcounters.md

> The newest documentation is now maintained at [eventcounters](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/event-counters.md?plain=1#L2). This doc is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newest documentation is now maintained at [eventcounters](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/event-counters). This doc is no longer being updated.
```
